Arrays in depth


0. Arrays What Why and How?

    What:   Arrays are data structures that allow us to save more than 1 value 
    Why:    To save a list of data and avoid the variable restriction of saving only 1 value
    How:    
        Creating an array and inserting values
        Reading vaules from the array using indexes (Searching for an elementi in the array)
        Updating an array (adding an element into the array)
        Deleting an element from the array    

1. How are arrays saved

1.1 Value Type and Referenced types
        Primitive values are values that are immutable (cannot be changed) and are copied by value. They include:

            Undefined
            Null
            Boolean
            Number
            String

        Reference values, on the other hand, are objects and are copied by reference. They include:

            Object
            Array
            Function
            

2. What happens if you pass an array as arg
    Do we need to return the array?

***3. Declaring an unknown number of params ...

***4. Array functions

***5. High-order array functions
        functions that accept functions as args or return function

        a. sort
        b. forEach
        c. filter
        d. map
        e. reduce
***6. Chaning functions
        
        Salaries [1000, 200, 500, 6700, 8900, 9000]
        Tax all the worker having the a salary over 5000$ by 20% and find the sum of the taxes

6. Exercises

        1. Make a function that accepts an array an returns the avarage
        2. Make a function that accept an array and returns the min and max
        3. Make a function that accept an array and returns true if the number are in ASC order
        4. Make a function that accept an array and returns true if all the elements are of same type
        5. Write a function that takes an array of strings as an argument and returns 
                a new array of all the unique strings.
        6. Write a function that takes an array of numbers as an argument and returns 
                a new array with all the numbers that are greater than the average of all the numbers.
        7. Write a function that takes an array of numbers and deletes all the negative numbers
        8. Write a function that takes an array of numbers and adds -10 after each positive element



        6.35 (Print an Array) Write a recursive function printArray that takes an array and the size of
        the array as arguments, prints the array, and returns nothing. The function should stop processing
        and return when it receives an array of size zero.